the sixth series of telephones elji 2014
so many models that run up eyes
they even have them on several mini-series
shared let's watch it starts
it's all a matter of the same as last year from two
models one of which only with
smarttv 631 and the second only with 3d without
smart tv
620 and accordingly 620 model does not have
built-in wi-fi module and because
he just does not want and can not be well
connect to it on bluetooth all sorts
wireless devices like headphones but
but she shows 3d and has four
pairs of glasses included
3d 3d
naturally polarized that is
passive by the way starting with this model and
higher kiliki support code 2k speech
and all 60 and that means what if you
Download the movie online with a resolution of 2
repent in frame per second then this telly
he will pull
but the truth shows will sail 620
the model exists diagonal at forty two
forty seven and 55 inches whereas 31
only 42 and 49 have full hd resolution
and here is mc and different 500 in
models 626 models 631
they also differ in 620 connectors
model this is thrice may 3rd 3rd beating 631 1st
and in the battle with dima
well, of course they are different
further down the list is the so-called
mini series 65 imagine two
previous models combined into one and
get a telly and 6 5 series
models called 650 652 and 653 between
they differ only in design
includes the chips of the previous two
models
connectors like the model 631 and between themselves
differ only in design
Well, so in what diagonal
67 series includes
as many as seven models among themselves they
traditions differ only in design and
those in which diagonal are issued
By the way here is the design of the cinema screen
have telly name
super thin frames from the previous series
eat from the stove and besides the design first
mc increased to 700 I, of course
the difference between 500 and 700 is not really see but
maybe something is 100 and 700
once in the second starting with the 671
and above in the set appears magic
Remote magic repair which we already
told in previous videos as well
the sound has changed now the telly is built in
subwoofer so the sound is now here 21
not bad on this the difference is all
end with this really
the last two models end
that start at 6 680 and 690 between
they differ only in design
not only on the 67 series models
functionally they are no different then
there is as you understood from model 671
on 690 in model differ only
by design
let's look at model 690 design
cinema screen means thin frames
Well, they are really cool thin
stand makes the telly as in
hanging in the air but what if you really
want something in the air that's the case please
wall mounted design i like it
suitable for any interior and indeed
telly just looks cool with
magic magic repair console you can
enjoy all the charms in wasps and
control the TV so that you have
comfortable and convenient just in case
the second remote also has a lot of technology
image enhancement makes movement in
The main colors are juicy and bright and
the picture is compact however brightness
contrast and all these things can
adjust the 3d polarization ie
passive
but again this 3d doesn't allow your
eyes get tired and this is me the most and
like it so if you choose between
passive and active 3d I of course
always choose passively
Sense useful here telly with picture
copes fine as in mode
normal image and in mode
2D to 3D conversion
Well, at the end I will tell you about what
These TVs are going to Russia but
the main part which is called the board
management is going to Ukraine in the city
really games for the company scored in total 6
This year's series is even more extensive, but how
usually basically a difference model only
in the design, adding a remote and enhancing
m7 however this will allow you without special
thinking about the difference between models
choose a suitable design
image on the top five everything else to me
also like a post in my opinion
generally the best that lg came up with in
body like this year on it all with you
there was an online store for photos of him and me
call maxim subscribe to our channel
on youtube and if you want reviews of new
TVs and not only elji
and stay